Notebooks new location (#50)
ome/training-notebooks: README.md

| **[Statistics Fruit Fly](CellProfiler/statistics_fruit_fly.ipynb)** | Py | Process Images stored in OMERO using CellProfiler. |
| **[idr0002](CellProfiler/idr0002.ipynb)** | Py | Process a plate from idr0002 using CellProfiler. |
| **[SimpleFRAP](Python/SimpleFRAP.ipynb)** | Py | Process a dataset measuring the intensity in a named Channel within a ROI. |

> The notebooks have now been moved to other repositories so they can be run using [BinderHub](https://binderhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notebooks have now been copied to other repositories as specified below. The new repositories give the possiblity to run these notebooks using [BinderHub](https://binderhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/). The notebooks in this repository which were copied will be deleted later:
```
